Hello, everyone.
Welcome.
And now we will solve this problem called magic number.
Also, I've shared with you a list of problems.
It might actually take a lot of time to solve.
But if you want to master this digital.
Then it's recommended that you solve all the problems that I'm sure you will.
It is in the last lecture of the current Section eight.
I'm just solving two or three problems so that you get an idea and how to move on with the digital problems.
And after that I just need to give some retry to the problem that there have been.
And.
Just just go after the problems.
You do problems all day and then if you do it.
So let's do this problem.
Magic number.
This is from educational code forces around it and it's really nice problem.
It's a deep problem of 2200 Tech eight.
But now we all know how to solve this problem.
It's a very, very easy problem for us.
Just.
Just remember one thing.
Yes.
Remember District eight?
From where to from where we start, what all we need and what extra variables that we need to figure
out that it's a correct path or not.
Right.
That means if I from the correct interrupt.
Okay, so let's do this.
Consider the decimal representation of an integer.
Let's call a number the magic if it should be appears in the decimal presentation of the number on even
position and no variance.
Cool.
So this is important.
Note that the number, the digit date would only be on the even position.
So right now here we have seen their starting 112, three, five, seven, eight.
They are digits starting from one.
So on this conversation, we have seven Ford pushing.
We have seven six push and we have seven.
This is a seven magic number.
This is also seven magic number.
And this is also said magic number because.
There's no even abortion.
So it doesn't matter now.
But just remember this.
The second part here is also important.
Generally, people miss this, that it should not be anyway.
It is not.
It is saying that that they should be on this on the even indexes, but it should not also be anywhere
else, even on the all indexes.
Here we can see one, two, three, four, seven, eight.
You find the number of the magic numbers in this segment, A to B that are multiples of him.
So he just added one more thing.
So instead of just finding the magic numbers, what we also have to find we have to find the numbers
are multiples of him.
And we've already seen this rate.
How to find when when I'm moving digit by digit, I'm making numbers digit by digit like me.
Right.
Let's say I'm making this number 159 17.
I want to find out whether it is divisible by seven or not.
Then what I do is when I'm on digit one, I just multiplied by ten at five and again multiplied by ten
and nine.
We all know this, right?
We have already seen this in one of the previous problems multiplied by ten at seven.
And then.
Totally.
Oh, yeah.
Multiplied by ten.
And it hit it.
What will this give me?
It is.
This is being done into ten bus, nine into ten BA 708.
And what will do is in an individual steps will just ignored by seven if total mod by seven is zero.
That means it is divisible by seven.
We have already seen that.
We have already carried this out.
But that shouldn't be an issue now.
He says that answer can be very huge.
You should only find its value.
Modulo ten is to the my plus seven.
Why will the answers be very huge?
Let's say the numbers are if A and B.
I'd.
Less than dentists two night.
Nonsense cannot be huge rated because the range is small to the numbers.
But India Ranges will of course be small.
But here we can see that E is less than equal to the number of digits in a and.
It doesn't matter.
And don't exceed 2000.
But this is important.
He's not saying that the number doesn't increase 2000.
It is not saying this.
This is wrong, right?
It is seeing the number of digits in and which does not exceed total.
It means E and B are less cynical.
Do tend to devour 2000.
I hope this is clear.
I hope now you'll understand.
And via big numbers and strings to this this number as a digit in 2008.
That's why I can't take it as an integer.
Right.
I have to take this number as a string and then formulate my.
Well.
Let's get back to John.
So let's get back to the problem.
And yeah, this is very easy.
Modular Danish by number seven.
We all know how to do this when we are calculating the answer in this stick modulus nothing is eight
because the number is going to be huge.
So we will take mod also we have to take this mod which is the number should be a multiple of and it
should be diesel by.
And this is also important.
And.
Okay.
Anything else that we're missing here?
No, I don't think so.
Wait, so it scored this problem and then.
With.
Hope some of you might be thinking like what else is required in this program?
So as we know, what we do is whenever we start start finding something, then we try to index it past
the index, of course.
And then.
We pass this very broad loss, which kind of is a flag so that it doesn't exceed the last range of the
tree.
You already discussed it.
This is the most important part last.
And what is the third thing?
Third thing is what we need in the problem.
He's saying that the number should be a multiple of them.
So we need to keep.
Marred by two.
Let's call it some mud or let's just call it mud.
Eight.
So it is this more or less will finally tell me whether the numbers do sell by and what not because
we are keeping more individual steps.
And is there anything else that we need to keep?
Yes.
By magic.
Right.
But you're saying that there isn't a similar number on human positions.
And nowhere else.
So you don't have to give anything here.
What we can simply do is if index is hard.
If the index is art.
Then what to do?
Place all the digits except the eight.
Don't place the place or otherwise if let's say else if index is even in place already and move forward
in rate.
Now they just one tricky thing in this I will not tell you now because when will coordinate and will
try to understand it.
But I but what I suggest is you're possible you try this problem yourself, you call it out and then
come back to the solution.
So let's go to this in the next video and given.